Docs: Windows CPU and Memory Affinity (#48469)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/cpu-management-policies.md

significantly affect workload performance, the kubelet allows alternative CPU
management policies to determine some placement preferences on the node.

## Windows Support

{{< feature-state feature_gate_name="WindowsCPUAndMemoryAffinity" >}}

> CPU Manager support can be enabled on Windows by using the `WindowsCPUAndMemoryAffinity` feature flag and requires support in the container runtime.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CPU Manager support can be enabled on Windows by using the `WindowsCPUAndMemoryAffinity` feature gate
and it requires support in the container runtime.
```

> The CPU Manager support can be enabled on Windows by using the `WindowsCPUAndMemoryAffinity` feature flag and requires a support in the container runtime.  

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The CPU Manager support can be enabled on Windows by using the `WindowsCPUAndMemoryAffinity` feature flag and requires support in the container runtime.  
```
Also maybe remove the initial `The`?
